[GSSI] Rewrite section on Conda-based managers (#566)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/compute/portal/ondemand/pycharm.rst

Creating a new Conda environment in PyCharm
===========================================

Using :ref:`a Conda-based package manager <conda_based_managers>` you may create
a new Conda environment in PyCharm after you start a 'New Project' by following
the steps below. Note that PyCharm does not yet support Micromamba or Pixi out
of the box and we would therefore recommend to rely on a
:ref:`centrally installed Miniforge3 module <conda_miniforge>`.

.. note::

   Make sure you *do not* install Miniforge or other Conda distributions via

>    PyCharm because it will end up in your ``VSC_HOME``, which is to be avoided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   PyCharm because it will end up in your ``VSC_HOME``, which can easily fill
   the storage quota of your home directory.
```
